Learning to me is living,
because if you're alive,
you want to know more.
Learning to me is really important.
Discovering something new,
enjoyable.
Gaining knowledge,
understanding the kind of opportunities around us.
So learning means to me is getting new knowledge and then practically using it.
Learning is for everyone,
everywhere.
Learning is an investment in your future.
For me,
learning is ongoing.
You don't learn,
you don't live.
I believe learning,
it's an everyday mission.
It's a constant improvement of yourself,
of how you
become a better person and how do you become
more contribute to this community and to the society
by actively learning every single day.